well here we are we're in muscatine and
what a great place to be here the truck
behind me you see the beautiful river
behind me as well and tell you this
crowd again was very enthused and
excited about joining the hunter me team
just had a pastor come up to me and said
you know I didn't know a whole lot about
him but another pastor friend said I
need to come in here him he said let me
let me know what I can do to help make
Mike Huckabee the next president united
states so we're excited things are going
well for Team Huckabee we can see it
right at it right out of college which
is Becker 8 you know it's your Iowa now
yeah there is a really leave the workers
available and an income that will make
that industry
that I think is a criteria but our two
years they can take their earnings what
they say go back to Mexico they've got
some skills they build a life with their
family that they they are stale in in
Los and
citizenship now
and also I'm giving these 20 million
we like you said if you locate them they
can pay online and companies they find
and you can load them on a charter bus
that's money for the best
that's money for the dirt across company
and you're in Mexico no problem well I
think you make a good point that there's
a difference between people who come
here to work temporarily and people who
really want to come here and locate
permanently and we need to keep that
separate because of the simple reality
that you shouldn't for citizenship on
people for whom this is not their
primary goal and also agree that there
ought to be a very clear allocation of
resources that we don't have completely
unrestricted immigration that the
immigration for column guest workers are
migrant workers whatever is tied to the
specific needs where we cannot find
indigenous workers in America to do work
whether its construction or poultry
processing whatever it may be if if we
can find workers who will do that great
if we can't then there would be an
allocation now one of the things I found
in Arkansas sometimes people say these
people are taking all the jobs that we
want and i would say really what job is
it that you want that they take that
that you can get and they said well it
taking a lot of jobs i said well you
know and this would just be an exercise
i do when i was governor and sometimes
they would say well what all these jobs
is well I'll tell what if you if you'll
name me give me the name and phone
number of any us Arkansas citizen who
wants to pluck a chicken make a bad tar
roof or pick a tomato get that name to
me by five o'clock this afternoon and I
promise I can have them working about
eight o'clock in the morning that's all
I ask and I never had a name there's
some jobs that the reason we have
imported workers is because nobody wants
them now they're other jobs quite
frankly that
could be filled and the point is and I
think that's what you're saying and I
agree with you there needs to be two
things a separation between immigration
policy and citizenship and secondly
there ought to be a process where people
do not get a a mistake responsibility if
they've have broken the law and go
through a process to make it right I
mean I if I get a speeding ticket I have
to make it right I don't just get to say
hmm so sorry you know on first I don't
ever break speeding law my wife does and
she did get a speeding ticket and did
have to pay it so even being governor's
wife wasn't an excuse for that what's
that you didn't know where heavens no I
knew she was guilty yeah I see them up
at the presidential forum in Des Moines
last month and I was impressed by the
straightforward style and I think when I
it's a very good communicator into me I
think that is the one thing the
president should be as a communicator in
cheek in order to mobilize the American
people than their support to congressmen
or senators so that issues that are
important to the country to security and
so forth
where there's taxes can be moved forward
because the escort of American people is
there hi my name is Shawn be a DM from
Davenport Iowa and I was at the Mike
Huckabee event today and why i like mike
is he's an authentic conservative he has
fear of God fear of God is the beginning
of all knowledge i believe and he really
has some excellent ideas so I'll find it
conservative from the ground up yeah I
can't find anybody that I'd rather
support than might not going to be
present